My own little pile of sticks

	The doctor’s office was always a mysterious place for me, especially when I was the one who had a boo-boo. There was a fish tank on one side, some pictures of some family or other on the other side. The floor was neatly paved with white tiles, and the chairs were those new high-tech kinds that looked funny. Everything was perfectly labeled, but I didn’t care what any of the labels meant, I just cared that my name was called later rather than sooner. My father, Joseph, looked me straight in the eye, and spoke slowly. 
“I won’t be that bad, Cody”, he said, “They just want to have a look at it and give you some medicine.” 
I looked down at my hands, seeing the scars and blisters that had come from the burns. I couldn’t see my face, but if I could, I wouldn’t see anything better. 
“I am sorry for getting angry back at home, Cody, but you shouldn’t do it again. Look where you’ve got yourself.”
I did see. And I felt very sorry for myself. I also felt the punishment I had received.
“Don’t feel too bad, though, I did something like it when I was your age, though I didn’t get hurt so bad.”
My father told me what he had done. I listened intently, and it sounded very much like a thing I would like to do. I listened intently, but I did not move.
	He said that when he was my age, he lived in Denver with his mom and dad. He had two friends that were his age that he used to play with. He said that near his house was an old glass factory, and everything inside it was covered in layers of dust. He said he felt frightened when his friend first led him inside; everything loomed over him, and if you moved it echoed over the entire expanse of the huge room. There were panes of glass, gigantic panes of glass standing     

“What happened exactly” father. I remembered. I smiled.

I ran stealthily into the garden, looking for somewhere to hide. I had matches, but they were wet matches because of a large puddle I had passed on the way from the back door. I carried paper also; the paper was dry. It was mid-october, just before my birthday, and the land was thick with rain and sky and air were thick with mist, and my head was thick with thoughts of fire. I reached the end of the journey. I looked left; I looked right; I looked up. I grabbed twigs; wet twigs and leaves from whereever I looked. I looked back, but only once, and briefly, just to see if there was a watchful parent spying on my marvellous intuition.
	I stole the paper and matches, actually, a feat I am proud to call my own. I kneeled down in the thick mud, arranging the twigs with an artistic air. I put the paper under this construct as I had seen my father do. I struck a match; or tried to strike a match. All it did was form a green-grey sludge from the end on the scraper of the matchbox. I tried and tried, but all I did was add slowly to a little pile of matches on the ground. I picked them up and looked at them. I was close to tears, and crying at this stage of my success would be a terrible waste. Then it came to me, I would continue. I would fight until I had achieved my goal. I strengthened my kneel on the ground and assumed a determined stance. 
	Finally, after I don’t know how long, one single match burst into a pathetic sort of flame, inspiring courage and a hope of success in my heart. I lowered it carefully to the pile of sticks. To my delight, and glow sprung from the twigs. I was enraptured, staring mindlessly into the flickering tongues of flame. I stuck my hand out and felt the warmth of the fire. Slowly, I stuck my head towards it and felt the glow on my face. It felt good, and it was much better than the freezing air of the garden. Suddenly, my eyes began to water. I saw smoke in front of me, and I quickly withdrew my head. When the feeling had past, and my eyes were normal again,